Okay, excellent. So now we have a splash
screen. So this is a react native specific plug
problem with flash greens. So when you open your
app you'll see a splash screen and then you see
a white page and then you see your app and
the reason this is actually happening is because this splash
screen is completely native. So that's why we have
to create an X code. So what's the nature
of does is it goes, oh, let's show
the splash screen while I'm getting ready, but then
it loads the app with the JavaScript bundle and it
goes okay, you're ready, let's show it.
But actually the JavaScript still needs some extra time to
load, which is why we get this flash green
. So this is the time in between the native
when the native app is ready, but the JavaScript
isn't loaded yet. So to way to overcome this
is we need to use another library to basically manually
hide the splash screen when the JavaScript is finished loading
. So here, if we add so here if
we do jOHn add react native splash screen and this
is quite an old library so it still requires a
react native link. It doesn't auto link, I
think I need to put a stool, so see
the IRS and put in store and we also need
to add a little bit of native code to IOS
So we've been getting off easy with us so far
, but if you open up delegate dot mm So
it's this once and not the head of file and
then we add an import at the top of the
file and here on the application we show the splash
screen. This will be just underneath here indeed.
In the application. Excellent. So basically what we're
doing is we're using react native splash screen to explicitly
show the splash screen and then we can use it
to hide it. So in our app to tsx
we will import splash screen from repeated splash screen and
then we'll do a react dot use effect with an
empty dependencies array. And we will do splash screen
, dots height to explicitly hide it. Now put
in a used effect because basically once we reach reach
this point, JavaScript has loaded because we're in javascript
and then we hide it. Now if your app
does need to do some extra things behind the scene
. For example, if you need to update something
or if you need to maybe fetch some user data
or you need to set up both from aging storage
or anything like that. You can delay when you
hide this. So you can do something else.
You could like fetch the data um like fetch user
data for mating storage or something like that and then
hide the splash screen. So that's how you achieve
that. All right. So this is finished.
And let's do jan IOS again. Let me just
close it from here. It's complaining because I haven't
actually rebuilt the native bundle yet. All right.
It's work. So let's try it. Let's look
at this again. So now when I launch the
app, you can see that it goes straight from
the splash screen, straight into our app, and
we don't get that wide screen in the middle.